ya nah gamma cameras facing the TV speed
video you're at that little fucker
fucking bathroom you nine kills we gotta
born within confirmed what i notice you
read oh hi empty strong Oh who's there's
a face mr. fool Oh what's your body
strong oh damn you got that there's like
a phase noodles kid finding cool oh yeah
are you crying and crime in yeah you let
it rock it's so cool hey I understand I
understand we're coming from nobody on
PlayStation r and although they're all
the youtubers on xbox now and don't
don't you never say there when the first
time I flavor too strong I went to and
43 yeah I've never visit me he didn't
have my candle so cool I
right now yeah back out oh yeah run home
to my bag don't run them lately so if
you had a badly mama gon break okay but
you lost it's the pleasure to pick you
up give their face nothing I'm
definitely